README.md, before:

# argoflow-k8s
Keeps all the configs needed to deploy Argoflow to Kubernetes

### HELM
We use HELM to deploy Argoflow to Kubernetes. Please follow instructions https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/ to install HELM.

### Prepare configuration files

API Config example:
```json
{
  "host": "k8s-api.your-domain.com",
  "port": 80,
  "protocol": "https",
  "jwt": {
    "secret": "<JWT secret>",
    "algo": "HS256"
  },
  "mongoDB": {
    "connectionString": "mongodb://mongo-service:27017/creator"
  },
  "redis": {
    "port": 6379,
    "host": "redis-service",
    "ipInfoKeyPrefix": "argoflow::ipinfo::"
  },
  "shortIo": {
    "secretKey": "<short.io token>"
  },
  "storageUsed": "local",
  "storages": {
    "local": {
      "rootFolder": "/storage/files",
      "filesUrl": "https://k8s-files.your-domain.com"
    }
  }
}
```
In the config above you need to put your desired api url to `host` parameter and files url to `storages.local.filesUrl`. \
You can also put short.io secret key to `shortIo.secretKey` if you plan to use short links.

As soon as API config prepared, it should be converted to base64 string and saved to `./helm/templates/00_secrets.yaml` to `AF_API_CONFIG_B64` secret.

You also need to put appropriate information to `./heml/values.development.yaml` and/or `./heml/values.production.yaml`.

### Deploy Argoflow:
```bash
cd helm
helm install -n argoflow -f values.development.yaml -f values.yaml argoflow .
```
### Update
```bash
cd helm
helm upgrade -n argoflow -f values.development.yaml -f values.yaml argoflow .
```

### Create initial Mongo database
```bash
kubectl cp -n argoflow ./initial/initial.archive mongo-0:/tmp
kubectl exec -it mongo-0 -n argoflow -- mongorestore --archive=/tmp/initial.archive
```
In the initial database you'll have a super admin: `initial-superadmin@argoflow.io` Password:`3NXEsMZCnhWSSt2aALny6jXh`

Don't forget to set your organisation subdomain for smartlinks. E.g. for `k8s-sl.your-domain.com` it should be:
```bash
db.organization.updateOne({"_id" : ObjectId("60644de18da0a703e87b78b6")},{$set:{sub:"k8s-sl"}});
```
### Prepare Statistical stack
```bash
kubectl exec -it pod/kafka-0 -n argoflow -- kafka-topics --zookeeper "zookeeper-service:2181" --topic wizeflow.tracks --create --partitions 10 --replication-factor 1 --config retention.bytes=10485760 retention.ms=86400000 cleanup.policy=delete

kubectl exec -it pod/clickhouse-0 -n argoflow -- clickhouse-client -q "$(cat ../initial/clickhouse/initial.sql)" -n
```

# Argoflow Editor
Please set your domains in `allowedDomainsList` settings in `./helm/values.development.yaml` file.

### DNS settings
|Type |Name       |Content (Example!!!)                                                  |Description                    |
|-----|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|
|CNAME|k8s-track  |a2adf2e3c0d2941e7adf2d427d4f8e59-173201457.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/kafka-proxy-service    |
|CNAME|k8s-api    |ab0534a036516474a8c30a1c1ad108ce-835617766.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/api-service            |
|CNAME|k8s-files  |aaaf0a7b4549a47161777cd3c3dcf738-118774766.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/files-service          |
|CNAME|k8s-sl     |a1de7ecc3416b4c269b3f780a2ef327a-166117620.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/service/sl-service     |
|CNAME|k8s-scripts|a1de7ecc3416b4c269b3f780a2ef327a-166117620.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/service/sl-service     |
|CNAME|k8s-editor |acf97cabf51574b8b9a0c9d329b8ca0c-913952360.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/service/editor-service |
|CNAME|k8s-manager|ab0959c9c30d548949c0db3e2e85d3aa-463871674.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/service/manager-service|

Commit message:

Add info re to initial superadmin password

README.md, after:

# argoflow-k8s
Keeps all the configs needed to deploy Argoflow to Kubernetes

### HELM
We use HELM to deploy Argoflow to Kubernetes. Please follow instructions https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/ to install HELM.

### Prepare configuration files

API Config example:
```json
{
  "host": "k8s-api.your-domain.com",
  "port": 80,
  "protocol": "https",
  "jwt": {
    "secret": "<JWT secret>",
    "algo": "HS256"
  },
  "mongoDB": {
    "connectionString": "mongodb://mongo-service:27017/creator"
  },
  "redis": {
    "port": 6379,
    "host": "redis-service",
    "ipInfoKeyPrefix": "argoflow::ipinfo::"
  },
  "shortIo": {
    "secretKey": "<short.io token>"
  },
  "storageUsed": "local",
  "storages": {
    "local": {
      "rootFolder": "/storage/files",
      "filesUrl": "https://k8s-files.your-domain.com"
    }
  }
}
```
In the config above you need to put your desired api url to `host` parameter and files url to `storages.local.filesUrl`. \
You can also put short.io secret key to `shortIo.secretKey` if you plan to use short links.

As soon as API config prepared, it should be converted to base64 string and saved to `./helm/templates/00_secrets.yaml` to `AF_API_CONFIG_B64` secret.

You also need to put appropriate information to `./heml/values.development.yaml` and/or `./heml/values.production.yaml`.

### Deploy Argoflow:
```bash
cd helm
helm install -n argoflow -f values.development.yaml -f values.yaml argoflow .
```
### Update
```bash
cd helm
helm upgrade -n argoflow -f values.development.yaml -f values.yaml argoflow .
```

### Create initial Mongo database
```bash
kubectl cp -n argoflow ./initial/initial.archive mongo-0:/tmp
kubectl exec -it mongo-0 -n argoflow -- mongorestore --archive=/tmp/initial.archive
```
In the initial database you'll have a super admin: `initial-superadmin@argoflow.io` Password:`3NXEsMZCnhWSSt2aALny6jXh`

**IMPORTANT!**
Please change the initial super admin's password as soon as the stack is deployed. You could do this in the Manager or by the API.

Don't forget to set your organisation subdomain for smartlinks. E.g. for `k8s-sl.your-domain.com` it should be:
```bash
db.organization.updateOne({"_id" : ObjectId("60644de18da0a703e87b78b6")},{$set:{sub:"k8s-sl"}});
```
### Prepare Statistical stack
```bash
kubectl exec -it pod/kafka-0 -n argoflow -- kafka-topics --zookeeper "zookeeper-service:2181" --topic wizeflow.tracks --create --partitions 10 --replication-factor 1 --config retention.bytes=10485760 retention.ms=86400000 cleanup.policy=delete

kubectl exec -it pod/clickhouse-0 -n argoflow -- clickhouse-client -q "$(cat ../initial/clickhouse/initial.sql)" -n
```

# Argoflow Editor
Please set your domains in `allowedDomainsList` settings in `./helm/values.development.yaml` file.

### DNS settings
|Type |Name       |Content (Example!!!)                                                  |Description                    |
|-----|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|
|CNAME|k8s-track  |a2adf2e3c0d2941e7adf2d427d4f8e59-173201457.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/kafka-proxy-service    |
|CNAME|k8s-api    |ab0534a036516474a8c30a1c1ad108ce-835617766.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/api-service            |
|CNAME|k8s-files  |aaaf0a7b4549a47161777cd3c3dcf738-118774766.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/files-service          |
|CNAME|k8s-sl     |a1de7ecc3416b4c269b3f780a2ef327a-166117620.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/service/sl-service     |
|CNAME|k8s-scripts|a1de7ecc3416b4c269b3f780a2ef327a-166117620.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/service/sl-service     |
|CNAME|k8s-editor |acf97cabf51574b8b9a0c9d329b8ca0c-913952360.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/service/editor-service |
|CNAME|k8s-manager|ab0959c9c30d548949c0db3e2e85d3aa-463871674.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com|service/service/manager-service|
